here's storm at three and a half months
old this is his first time seeing the
doggy nail file he is first rewarded for
interacting with the board touching it
with his feet and standing on it make
sure to click for both the right and
left paws on the board
the angle of the board is then increased
so that storm can no longer stand on it
but can still hit it with his paws one
storm is hitting the board we now click
him for dragging his paw on the board
this happens in a split second as the
dog is removing his foot from the board
and if you listen carefully you can hear
your dog's nails as they scratch across
the board if you haven't done much free
shaping with your dog and they are not
quite sure what you want but your dog
knows how to fight argot you produce the
cue for pot targeting to encourage your
dog to hit the board
again you want to make sure that you
click for both right and left pause on
the board at first clip each time the
PAS drags on the board then wait for it
to happen twice before clicking and then
three times and so on then wait until
the Doug is offering multiple passes
with this feat which will eventually
turn into a digging motion keep an eye
on your dog's nails and check them often
if your dog is really into this game it
won't take long to wear those nails down
my dogs will often click themselves and
will still want to continue to play the
game
girlie
you